# MSc_group_project
A copy of my fork from our private MSc group project: JACKY, a human kinase database.
I have included the folders I was most heavily involved in. Please see my repository
"MSc_group_project_everybodys_contributions" for the entire project.

During our MSc in Bioinformatics, our team of five students created this web app in six weeks.

http://jacky-03.ehym3crjpy.eu-west-2.elasticbeanstalk.com/ (now deactivated)

My roles within our group project were:

1) Retrieve phosphosite and inhibitor data from online databases, and generate .csv tables for use in a database. 
     See /Generating phosphosite files/Phosphosites/ folder for my two phosphosite scripts (Jupyter notebooks)
    (N.B. the inhibitor data I retrieved was used for the first five weeks, but then it was replaced, so
     my inhibitors script (Jupyter notebook) is in /Early work/Inhibitors/)
2) Test and deploy the website on Amazon Web Services: http://jacky-03.ehym3crjpy.eu-west-2.elasticbeanstalk.com/.
     The files required for deployment are located in /Application/ - this includes work from everybody
     in the project, such as the SQL database file, which I did not create.
3) Although my colleague wrote the majority of the code for the main script, application.py, I got involved
     in troubleshooting and tweaking the code during my testing in later weeks, and I made some key
     changes to accommodate the new inhibitor data (generated by a colleague) and to incorporate some new chunks 
     of statistical analysis code, in the final week.

Please note: the files in /Files_for_analysis/ are quantitative phosphoproteomics files which can be uploaded to JACKY under "Upload phosphoproteomics data". JACKY will then perform the statistical analysis. Each file represents the results of a kinase inhibitor assay.
